
To modify the front-end code of the Deso Protocol frontend repository (https://github.com/deso-protocol/frontend) and create a dark/neon theme, you can follow these steps:

Clone the Repository: Start by cloning the frontend repository to your local development environment. Use the following command in your terminal or Git client:
shell
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/deso-protocol/frontend.git
Install Dependencies: Navigate to the cloned repository directory and install the required dependencies by running the following command:
shell
Copy code
cd frontend
npm install
Modify the Styling: Locate the relevant CSS files or stylesheets in the project structure that control the overall styling of the application. You may find files such as styles.css or directories like src/styles where the styling is defined. Edit these files to apply the dark/neon theme by adjusting the color schemes, typography, and any other visual elements as desired.

Build the Frontend: After making the necessary modifications, build the frontend application using the following command:

shell
Copy code
npm run build
This command will generate the production-ready build of the frontend code.

Deploy the Frontend: Once the build process is complete, you can deploy the modified frontend code to a web server or hosting platform of your choice. This will make the dark/neon-themed frontend accessible to users.
Regarding the options on the homepage front-end creator landing page, the possibilities are flexible and depend on your specific requirements. However, here are some ideas:

DEX Integration: You can showcase a section that highlights the features of your DEX, such as trading pairs, liquidity pools, and transaction statistics. You may display real-time price charts, trading volume, or a simplified trading interface.

Bot Integration: If you have integrated AI-powered trading bots, you can provide information about their functionalities, performance metrics, and how users can interact with them. Consider including performance statistics, trading strategies, and a user-friendly interface to configure and monitor the bots.

NFT Marketplace: If you have an NFT marketplace, the homepage can showcase featured NFT collections, trending NFTs, and upcoming auctions. You can provide filters, search functionality, and a visually appealing gallery to browse and purchase NFTs.

Social Features: Consider including social features like user profiles, followers, and user-generated content. This can enhance the community engagement within your platform, allowing creators to showcase their work, interact with followers, and collaborate with others.

News and Updates: Provide a section to display the latest news, updates, and announcements related to your platform. This can include project updates, new feature releases, and important events in the crypto and blockchain industry.

Remember to ensure that the chosen options align with your overall platform goals, user needs, and the functionalities you have implemented on the backend.

Feel free to mix and match these options, add custom features from your config.yaml, and incorporate your own ideas to create a compelling homepage for the frontend creator landing page.